c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\obj\x86\Debug\Stick_Hero.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Stickman.xnb
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Stick_Hero.exe
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Stick_Hero.pdb
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\obj\x86\Debug\Stick_Hero.exe
c:\users\alireza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\obj\x86\Debug\Stick_Hero.pdb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Plat.xnb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Redplat.xnb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Falling.xnb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Score.xnb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Wood_falling.xnb
C:\Users\Alireza\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Stick Hero\Stick Hero\Stick_Hero\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Button Play.xnb
